Welcome to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: Crawl.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
The movie starts with Haley Keller clad in
a swimsuit ready to compete in a race.
During the race, Haley has flashbacks to a
race she participated in as a child, with
her coach and father cheering her on from
the side of the pool.
She finishes in a position she is clearly
disappointed with.
After showering, Haley opens her locker and
checks her phone.
She has missed a call from her sister so she
rings her back.
In the video conversation that follows her
sister, Beth, warns Haley that a storm is
on its way and she should leave the state.
However, she also mentions that she has been
unable to contact their father to determine
his whereabouts.
Haley, concerned at the lack of a response
from her father, drives through the rain and
wind in the direction of his condo.
She is unable to locate her father here, so
decides to visit their old family home, which
we learn has been up for sale for sometime.
En route, she is forced to stop at a roadblock
being manned by Beth’s ex, a police officer
named Wayne.
Wayne informs Haley that she is not allowed
to pass and must head back the way she came.
Haley, however, makes a snap decision to push
on to swerve away from the police and accelerates
away down a muddy track.
Upon arrival at the house, Hayley is greeted
by the family dog, Sugar, who she apologizes
to for having been away so long.
It is now revealed that Haley has not been
on good terms with her father.
She is unable to find him on either floor
of the house, so she follows some steps down
to the crawl area below the floorboards.
It is dark and all wet down there and she
is forced to make her way along on her hands
and knees through the mud and dirt.
Her concern for her father grows as she sees
some abandoned tools.
She gets in earshot of his radio but is still
unable to elicit a response from him when
she calls out to him.
Eventually, Haley finds her father, Dave,
lying face down on the floor, clearly unconscious.
As she turns him over, we can see deep lacerations
across his shoulder and his leg has been fractured
so severely that the bones are showing.
Fortunately, he is still breathing and she
is able to use some water to revive him.
Initially, he seems annoyed that she has come.
Before Hayley is able to make a call for help,
she is alerted to the presence of an alligator.
Haley and her dad scatter, and both take refuge
behind a row of metal pipes which the alligators
prove incapable of passing.
However, the father and daughter are separated.
At this point, against her father’s advice,
Hayley heads back into the danger zone beyond
the pipes in pursuit of her phone.
Before she can make a call of any note, she
is attacked by an alligator and loses hold
of the phone.
It is later crushed under the weight of one
of the two alligators now tracking her.
Although she is bitten on the leg, she makes
it back to the pipes.
She gets away by repeatedly stabbing an alligator
in the eye with a screwdriver.
Throughout this time, Haley has had access
to a wind up torch.
Next, she uses this to try and draw attention
to three people she spots at a nearby gas
station.
The people are looting it and have just managed
to load its ATM machine onto a boat.
The older male catches sight of the light
beam shining through a grate.
He begins walking across the street to investigate,
with the water level nearly up to his waist.
Behind him, we see the female of the group,
who is in the boat, being attacked by yet
another alligator.
She is viciously and mercilessly killed, while
he is bitten on the leg too.
With his younger brother still in the shop,
he manages to scramble back to the shop and
attempts to warn him.
It is too late though and within seconds both
of them are killed tragically.
Back in the basement, Dave has a plan.
He instructs Haley to locate a hatch leading
up through the floor.
She does so and tries to force it open.
As she attempts this, Sugar comes to greet
her.
Unfortunately, however, the lid keeps catching
under the lip of a piece of furniture and
it refuses to give up.
They remain trapped.
Soon the two of them have their hopes of an
escape revived when Wayne arrives on a police
boat.
His partner waits outside while Wayne enters
the house.
The pair underneath the floor attempt to warn
him about the presence of the alligators but
he is unable to hear them due to the howling
storm.
While his partner is torn apart outside near
a children’s swing by a group of the reptiles,
Wayne is dragged into the basement where he
wrestles with his attacker.
Despite Haley’s attempts to assist, he loses
the fight.
With the water levels rising rapidly, the
father and his daughter learn that they are
in danger from both the predators in their
midst and from drowning.
In desperation, Haley decides to make for
the flood drain.
Her father pleads with her not to, as he knows
the alligators use this to come and go.
On her way to it, she finds herself in an
alligator’s nest surrounded by eggs.
She tries to remain silent to avoid attracting
their attention, but when she sees Wayne’s
corpse floating nearby, she reels it in and
takes his service weapon.
An alligator soon attacks and bites her arm,
but with her hand inside its throat she is
able to get several shots off and kills it,
thereby freeing her arm.
Ever more determined, Haley clambers up the
flood drain and swims into the street, evading
any alligators in the water nearby.
She smashes a window to enter the house, clambers
through and begins hacking away at the floorboards.
Beneath them, with the water having risen
significantly, her father is drowning.
She hauls him through the gap she has made,
but finds that he is no longer breathing.
Haley attempts to resuscitate him using mouth
to mouth and CPR.
At first he doesn’t respond, but when she
becomes desperate and hits him harder in the
chest, he splutters back into life.
With the two of them now on their feet, they
head into the street.
Dave has warned his daughter that the flood
defenses will soon break and they need to
get out.
He tells her the looters’ boat at the gas
station is their only option.
Taking Sugar in his arms, he leads Haley across
the street on foot, reassuring her that if
they don’t make a splash they will not be
attacked.
His words ring true and they stand like statues
as a large alligator brushes past them.
A crack of thunder and some ominous looking
skies soon force a change in plan.
Time is running out and Dave tells Haley she
needs to swim to the boat.
The former swimming coach in him comes out
as he builds her confidence, telling her she
is faster than their attackers.
She follows his wishes and makes it to the
boat, quickly starting the engine and turning
it around.
She scoops up her dad and the dogs in seconds.
Almost immediately, the flood defenses then
give way.
The resulting surge of water means they are
unable to control the boat.
It is sent smashing back through the front
window of their house with them onboard.
It capsizes on impact and its three passengers
are left scattered around the house.
While Haley attempts to evade the alligators
in the kitchen, Dave makes it to the stairs,
but soon leaves his position of relative safety
to get Sugar.
As Sugar swims towards him, an alligator spots
Dave and wrestles with him, tearing off his
arm in the encounter.
Much as he had done with his leg earlier,
Dave binds his arm to stop the bleeding.
Meanwhile, Hayley is able to broadcast a distress
signal using a police radio she locates floating
on the surface of the water.
However, when attempting to make it to the
stairs, she is cornered by an alligator and
retreats into the bathroom.
She takes refuge in the shower, protected
by its door.
The water level is rising again though, so
she knows she needs to take action.
She opens the door, luring the alligator in
and uses the soap dish as a foothold to step
over the shower’s partition, in order to
close the door and trap the reptile inside.
Not long after, she is reunited with her father.
They realize a rescue helicopter is searching
for people in need.
Haley makes for a window to try and signal
to it.
She is soon engaged in a struggle for her
life with another alligator though.
It has a tight hold on her and attempts to
drown her by repeatedly rolling her over and
over below the surface.
Haley struggles for consciousness, but is
inspired by more flashbacks to her childhood.
She clutches at an abandoned flair.
After several attempts, she is able to grab
a hold of it, ignite it and use it to stab
the alligator in the eye.
She gets away, rejoins the others, and, despite
the presence of yet another reptilian adversary,
they make it to the roof.
Though her father is severely injured and
Haley has also been wounded, they are relieved
and clearly happy to have made it out.
The movie ends with Haley hailing the helicopter
using a flare, with her dad gazing on in appreciation,
amazed at how strong his daughter has proven
to be.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!